alb-nginx/README.md, before:

## file structure
Dockerfile: the docker file of nginx which alb used, image registry: build-harbor.alauda.cn/3rdparty/alb-nginx.  
alb-test-runner.dockerfile: based on alb-nginx, env of test:nginx used in ci.  
directory t: test files of alb/template/nginx/lua.  
directory actions: scripts used in develop.  

## QA
### what the different between this and [official-resty-image](https://github.com/openresty/docker-openresty/blob/1.19.9.1-11/bionic/Dockerfile)
1. use alpine image
2. use custom luajit version
3. different build config
	1. nginx --with-debug
	2. install some lua module
		* lua-var-nginx-module
		* thibaultcha/lua-resty-mlcache
		* xiangnanscu/lua-resty-cookie
		* lua-resty-balancer
	3. ignore luarocks
### why use custom luajit version instead of built in
1. to fix http://jira.alauda.cn/browse/ACP-5137 we need luajit which contains commit 787736990ac3b7d5ceaba2697c7d0f58f77bb782.
2. I don't know what the commit id 787736990ac3b7d5ceaba2697c7d0f58f77bb782 mean (commit 67dbec82f4f05a416a78a560a726553beaa7a223 behind this seems more meaningful).
3. to keep the compatibility we need to make sure all of luajit used here contains this commit.
4. different version of luajit will cause huge different when benchmark. watch it out.
5. the current header of [luajit2](https://github.com/openresty/luajit2) is 886d5f895b8ae19def724677376322b1f7ae2d4a at 2021/6/23.
6. this step should be removed when openresty built in luajit update.
### 如何更新alb-nginx镜像
1. 更新alb-nginx/Dockerfile, alb-nginx流水线构建3rdparty/alb-nginx镜像
2. 更新alb-nginx/alb-test-runner.dockerfile中的alb-nginx镜像版本号, alb-test-runner-image流水线构建test-runner镜像
3. 更新本readme中的changelog, 修改chart/values.yaml中nginx镜像版本号
4. 更新alb2流水线使用的test-runner镜像版本, 构建alb镜像

### image changelog
#### alb-nginx
ci: https://build.alauda.cn/console-devops/workspace/acp/pipelines/all/alb-nginx 

alb-nginx:v3.6.0    
　　use openresty luajit

alb-nginx:v3.6.1

alb-nginx:20220118182511  
　　use ops/alpine as base image, upgrade openssl version in openresty to 1.1.1l

alb-nginx:20220317112016  
　　upgrade base-image to 3.15

alb-nginx:20220418150052  
　　update base-image 3.15

alb-nginx:20220424210109
　　upgrade openresty to 1.19.9.1  
　　upgrade openssl version in openresty to 1.1.1n

### alb-nginx-test
ci: https://build.alauda.cn/console-devops/workspace/acp/pipelines/all/alb-test-runner-image

alb-nginx-test:20220117144539  
　　add all needed to run test.

alb-nginx-test:20220317113027  
　　use alb-nginx:20220317112016.

alb-nginx-test:20220407172357
    use go1.18

Commit message:

update alb-nginx image
(cherry picked from commit 5eaaa47f1ec74da1aab7155bc869ebefdc7eb07c)

alb-nginx/README.md, after:

## file structure
Dockerfile: the docker file of nginx which alb used, image registry: build-harbor.alauda.cn/3rdparty/alb-nginx.  
alb-test-runner.dockerfile: based on alb-nginx, env of test:nginx used in ci.  
directory t: test files of alb/template/nginx/lua.  
directory actions: scripts used in develop.  

## QA
### what the different between this and [official-resty-image](https://github.com/openresty/docker-openresty/blob/1.19.9.1-11/bionic/Dockerfile)
1. use alpine image
2. use custom luajit version
3. different build config
	1. nginx --with-debug
	2. install some lua module
		* lua-var-nginx-module
		* thibaultcha/lua-resty-mlcache
		* xiangnanscu/lua-resty-cookie
		* lua-resty-balancer
	3. ignore luarocks
### why use custom luajit version instead of built in
1. to fix http://jira.alauda.cn/browse/ACP-5137 we need luajit which contains commit 787736990ac3b7d5ceaba2697c7d0f58f77bb782.
2. I don't know what the commit id 787736990ac3b7d5ceaba2697c7d0f58f77bb782 mean (commit 67dbec82f4f05a416a78a560a726553beaa7a223 behind this seems more meaningful).
3. to keep the compatibility we need to make sure all of luajit used here contains this commit.
4. different version of luajit will cause huge different when benchmark. watch it out.
5. the current header of [luajit2](https://github.com/openresty/luajit2) is 886d5f895b8ae19def724677376322b1f7ae2d4a at 2021/6/23.
6. this step should be removed when openresty built in luajit update.
### 如何更新alb-nginx镜像
1. 更新alb-nginx/Dockerfile, alb-nginx流水线构建3rdparty/alb-nginx镜像
2. 更新alb-nginx/alb-test-runner.dockerfile中的alb-nginx镜像版本号, alb-test-runner-image流水线构建test-runner镜像
3. 更新本readme中的changelog, 修改chart/values.yaml中nginx镜像版本号
4. 更新alb2流水线使用的test-runner镜像版本, 构建alb镜像

### image changelog
#### alb-nginx
ci: https://build.alauda.cn/console-devops/workspace/acp/pipelines/all/alb-nginx 

alb-nginx:v3.6.0    
　　use openresty luajit

alb-nginx:v3.6.1

alb-nginx:20220118182511  
　　use ops/alpine as base image, upgrade openssl version in openresty to 1.1.1l

alb-nginx:20220317112016  
　　upgrade base-image to 3.15

alb-nginx:20220418150052  
　　update base-image 3.15

alb-nginx:20220424210109
　　upgrade openresty to 1.19.9.1  
　　upgrade openssl version in openresty to 1.1.1n

alb-nginx:v3.9-57-gb40a7de
    upgrade openssl to 1.1.1o
    update base-image to 3.16
    remove curl and related certs in /etc/ssl/certs

### alb-nginx-test
ci: https://build.alauda.cn/console-devops/workspace/acp/pipelines/all/alb-test-runner-image

alb-nginx-test:20220117144539  
　　add all needed to run test.

alb-nginx-test:20220317113027  
　　use alb-nginx:20220317112016.

alb-nginx-test:20220407172357
    use go1.18
